[CECILY grunts]
What is wrong with you, coward?
You don't deserve
to be a Knight Guard!
[ARIA]
Wow. Aren't you an early riser.
[CECILY] Oh, hey, Aria.
Good morning.
Do you always get up
this early for training?
Yeah, every day since
I was a little girl.
I think persistence is the key
to becoming a good swordsman.
Well, you certainly
are persistent, Cecily.
I'm gonna take that
as a compliment.
As you should.
But what's with this business?
Is there a reason
you're swinging like that?
Yeah, I'm trying to practice
the way you'd use a katana.
You have to handle them
differently than you would
a regular sword.
So I have to try and
get this move down,
or I'll have a hard time with a
katana once I finally get one.
See? Like that.
S'why I chose this sword.
It's the most katana-like.
He may not do it now,
but Luke will forge one
for me someday.
[ARIA]
Well, yeah, he's your boyfriend,
it's the least he can do.
[CECILY gasps]
Aria!
Luke isn't my boyfriend!
I wouldn't go near that jerk
if my life depended on it!
Something wrong?
Nah, everything's fine.
I meant to ask.
Have you been sneaking
into bed with me
the last few nights?
Heck, yes!
Your body is so warm when
I snuggle up next to you.
It almost feels like
I'm going to melt.
And your breasts are
so soft and squishy,
I can't help but use them
as my own personal pillow.
Why is everyone so
obsessed with my boobs?
If I had a rack like yours, I'd
use them to get what I want.
Men are weak when it comes
to breasts. Seriously.
Try flashing Luke, I bet he'll
forge you a katana or two.
Yeah. He's seen them.
See? You know I'm right, then.
No. It was an accident.
Could we please stop talking
about my chest now, Aria?
I'm incredibly jealous.
What are you talking about?
Your boobs are just as big.
No, not that.
Of your sword.
Y'see it's just...
I can be a merciless weapon
in the wrong person's hands.
But if I were in your hands, I'd
never have to worry about it.
You wouldn't abuse my power;
you'd use me to protect people.
If you were my master, Cecily,
I could produce a peaceful
wind instead of a violent one.
One day, maybe I'll get my wish.
I'm sorry, I can be
a bit of a dreamer.
Aria.
Yeah?
I'm a rookie knight who can't
take the life of her enemy.
I can't even use
a sword properly.
I may not be a suitable master
but I'm certainly capable
of being your friend.
Would you do me the honor
of being my friend?
I promise I'll always
be there for you.
'Kay. But only if you're
sure about this.
A knight always keeps her word.
It almost sounds like you're
proposing to me, huh?
Yeah, I guess.
Then, I ask you to do me the
honor of being my friend.
Scratch that. I demand it!
[CECILY]
Guess I don't have much choice.
A sword always
keeps her word.
Okay, now it really
sounds like a proposal!
[laughing]
[HANNIBAL]
This is a dangerous gambit,
but I don't see any other way.
[HOUSMAN] The Sword is
the festival's #1 attraction.
It would be bad for
business if we don't.
But if we do show her as
planned, a demon attack
within the city limits
is inevitable.
If possible, I'd like to
avoid civilian casualties.
[HANNIBAL] Unfortunately, that
is something we may not have
much control over.
[HOUSMAN]
Still.
We'll do whatever we must to
protect the people of Housman.
No worries, the Knight
Guards will be on duty
to ensure everyone's safety.
Good.
Only thing that might prove
difficult is keeping all this
a secret from the civilians.
It's hard to know something
bad is about to happen
and not be able to warn anyone.
If we face another attack,
I'm bound to lose more men.
--However--
--There's no choice.
[HANNIBAL]
Exactly.
This is what we have to do.
We'll use the Demon Sword as
bait to draw out the man
in black.
Once we capture him,
this hell will be over.
Oh, there you are, Miss Cambell.
It took you long enough.
I have another special
mission for you.
--Think you can handle it?
--[CECILY] R-Really?
There's gonna be a presentation
of the Demon Sword tomorrow,
and I want you onstage
as her handler.
Huh?
[CECILY] Luke. I have a
hypothetical question for you.
So, imagine you were
responsible for the wellbeing
of one of your closest friends.
And you found out you might
have to put that person
through something dangerous.
What would you do?
And this is a
hypothetical question?
Yeah, just go with it.
If it was me, I wouldn't
put them in danger.
I'll never let that
happen again.
But if I couldn't stop them from
being stuck in that situation,
then I'd protect that
person with my life.
So what's this all about?
That didn't really
sound hypothetical.
Is there something wrong?
No. Thank you.
[CECILY grunts]
Aria?
I've been given new orders,
and I may have to put you
in danger. I'm sorry.
I don't want to,
but I have no say in it.
They told me to keep
it a secret, but...
But they want to
use you as bait to--
[ARIA]
I'm not worried.
Because I believe
in you, friend.
Aria.
I'm looking forward to
the show tomorrow.
Me too.
I promise I will protect
you with my life!
[JACK]
Demon Sword?
[MAN IN BLACK]
That's right.
Your salvation lies
within that sword.
You do want salvation,
don't you?
[JACK]
Oh, yes.
Give the Sword to me.
All you have to do is take it.
Take back what's
rightfully yours.
Yes? The Demon Sword
belongs to you.
[JACK]
The Demon Sword.
I must have it.
It's mine!
Behold! The ultimate
Demon Sword.
The Baselard of Greed,
ladies and gents!
Don't wait for the price drop,
first come first serve!
We've got a limited supply.
So pick one up now.
Was that really a Demon Sword?
No, it was a fake.
Yeah, I should've known.
Oh, wow!
Check this out, Luke!
Look at him,
he's breathing fire!
[LUKE]
Seen it.
Hey, where are you going?
[LUKE] Man, the selection
this year sucks.
[LISA]
What do you mean?
What about Miss Aria?
I might be able to
defeat Valbanill if I had
a hundred swords like her.
But even that may not be enough.
You need to calm down, Cecily.
[CECILY]
Easy for you to say.
Don't worry, I'm sure
you'll do fine out there.
I sure hope so.
You ladies ready
to put on a show?
Uh, yeah.
[HANNIBAL]
Good luck, Cambell.
Ya do well, men'll be
knocking down your door
askin' for your
hand in marriage.
Hope not. I asked the announcer
not to introduce me.
Well, that's unfortunate.
I know plenty of young men
who'd love to meet a woman
with your assets.
[CECILY]
What is wrong with you people?
Don't be so sensitive!
Luke's going to be
in the audience--
you should show him
what he's missing.
Remember: power of the boobs.
Are you kidding me?
I already told you I could
never be attracted to
a cheap bastard like--
[LUKE] Like I'd have
anything to do with you.
[CECILY gasps]
Luke?
Come back here to check on you
and this is the thanks I get?
I-- No, I uh...
[LUKE]
I knew this was a bad idea.
Okay Miss Cecily, you and
the Demon Sword are up.
Have fun, Cambell, break a leg!
Uh... Thank you?
There's no need
to be so nervous.
Listen.
Soon as the enemy appears, we'll
evacuate all of the citizens.
Then we'll move in
and take down the threat.
That's all there is to it--
you just follow our lead.
Now get going.
[CECILY yelps]
Ladies and gentlemen,
may I present,
the Demon Sword of Wind!
[CITIZENS cheer]
Well. Guess you should change.
Oh, yeah, huh?
[ARIA]
I call on the powers that be.
Reveal the truth within.
Awaken the power of wind.
Awaken, and slay God.
[ANNOUNCER] The Demon Sword of
Wind is able to take human form!
And that's not all this
magnificent sword can do!
Okay, here we go!
How 'bout it?
The sword attacks with wind!
[CITIZENS cheer]
[CECILY]
Him again!
[JACK]
The Demon Sword.
I must have it.
It's mine!
What the hell?
The Demon Sword.
I want what's rightfully mine.
Give it.
I want salvation!
No!
Get out! Everybody run!
[CITIZENS yell]
Okay, that's not
what I expected!
[CITIZENS yell]
Women and children first!
Hurry!
Everyone keep running,
get outside the city gates!
[JACK DEMON growls]
May the light bring
its wrath upon thee.
In the name of
the Angel's Contract.
We ask for the redemption
of this man's lost soul.
Right, Sacred Platoon.
Keep him confined,
even if it costs your lives!
Captain!
I told you I had it covered,
didn't I, Cambell?
With these guys here that
monster can't make a move.
[JACK DEMON growls]
Not bad, Hannibal.
[CECILY]
We got him!
Damn it!
[JACK DEMON growls]
Aria!
Let go of her!
Not gonna happen!
Never thought I'd fight
a fellow veteran.
Least I know you're
a worthy opponent.
[chuckles]
Impressive, old man.
But I'm not in the
mood for your games.
Now! Bring me
the Demon Sword!
[KNIGHT GUARDS yell]
It saddens me to lose these men.
But I'll do whatever
it takes to stop you.
[JACK DEMON growls]
Aria.
[LISA]
Miss Cecily!
We have to get out of here!
--C'mon, follow me!
--[CECILY] No.
I'm not leaving.
I can't run.
I have to stay here
and save Aria!
If you do, there's a
chance you'll die too.
I don't care. I promised I'd
protect her no matter what!
It's just...
I don't know how I'm
supposed to do that now.
Please, Luke, I need your help!
Why should I put my life at
risk because you're weak?
[LISA]
Miss Cecily!
No, he's right.
I can't do anything.
I can't even save
my friend's life.
[yelling]
I can't be weak anymore.
I can't lose her.
I won't!
What the hell are you doing?
[CECILY]
I'm begging you.
Lend me your strength, Luke.
I'll give you anything you want.
You want money?
Everything I have.
You want my body?
Do whatever you want with it.
I know I'm not strong enough
to defeat this demon alone.
Please. Help save her!
Think about this.
I'm helping her
whether you do or not!
Aria has become my friend
and I won't abandon her!
Lisa.
[LISA]
This is important!
A friend of ours is in danger.
We can't just leave her!
All right fine, I'll help.
But this is the last time!
[LISA]
Thank you, Luke!
Let's focus.
There's only one
way to save Aria.
We have to defeat the demon.
It's made of fire, so it can
melt any sword I create.
The best I can do is try
to slice through the flames
with my katana.
Once I've done that, you'll
have to finish him off, Cecily.
Wait, Luke! No!
We don't have any choice.
You're the one who's
gonna have to kill him.
This thing used to be
human; can you do it?
Right!
[JACK DEMON growls]
All right Lisa, give me a forge.
Ready!
Heat tamahagane. Separate.
Metal from Rock.
Pour 'n then cool.
Hammer. Now fold.
Fold. Fold.
Fold.
[KNIGHT GUARD D grunts]
[CECILY] "Sometimes a knight
has to take lives in order
to save lives."
That's what my
father used to say.
I can do this!
Attach blade to tsuka.
I'll only be able to
attack him three times.
That's this katana's limit.
Once I slice through his flame,
you go in for the
final blow. Got it?
We only have one chance
to make this work.
You fail and we die.
Are you sure you're up to it?
[CECILY]
A knight always keeps her word.
[JACK DEMON growls]
[LUKE]
One!
Two!
[JACK DEMON growls]
[LUKE]
Three!
Now! Do it, Cecily!
Aria!
[CECILY grunts]
[yells]
Damn you!
[CECILY] I can only imagine the
painful memories you have
of fighting in
the Valbanill War.
You've earned salvation.
[LUKE] You idiot!
Just kill him already!
[CECILY]
I want to bring you peace.
Even if I have
to take your life.
I made a solemn oath to myself.
I swore I would do everything
I can to protect the innocent.
Even if this world is one
day consumed in darkness,
I alone will continue
to stand in the light!
I will fight every battle!
To bring peace to
lost souls like yours!
[JACK DEMON growls]
[CECILY yells]
You're sure it was
the man in black?
It was him, sir, I saw him
standing right out here.
He got away from us this time.
But I'll be damned
if it happens again.
I wish I could've
known your name.
I'm so sorry.
His name is Jack Strader.
He's able to speak
to me through the wind.
[CECILY]
Jack Strader.
I am Cecily Cambell.
I am the knight who killed you.
All I ask is that you
never forget my name.
I will never forget
yours either.
I promise you, Jack.
As the wind carried him away,
I heard his final thoughts.
Tell me.
"I will never forget."
Thank you.
[HOUSMAN] To the families of the
32 priceless lives we've lost,
I extend my sincerest
condolences and apologies.
I take personal responsibility
for what's happened.
We must keep their
memory alive in our hearts,
as a constant reminder to
never let a tragedy like this
occur again.
[ARIA]
I guess this is goodbye.
[CECILY]
Yeah.
[ARIA]
It always happens like this.
Wherever I go I bring
death and misfortune.
Before long, people want
nothing more to do with me.
So they throw me out of town.
Aria.
I wonder where I'll end up next.
I only hope I meet someone
as nice as you there.
Don't be silly.
You're not going anywhere.
I promised I'd protect you.
And I will.
Really?
Aria. I know you're not
some kind of evil sword
that's out to hurt people.
You're a sword
that protects them.
I want you to stay here.
To fight alongside me.
We can protect the citizens
of Housman together.
Would you do me the
honor of being my friend?
honor of being my partner?
[ARIA]
Your wish is my command.
I couldn't ask for
a better master.
I would love to.
And a sword always
keeps her word!
Yeah.